from the sophisticated and spectacular
to the simple and subtle backyard
barbecues baby showers bridal showers
weddings all the way up to large
corporate events and convention centers
event rental and event restroom the
region's only family owned and operated
one stop shop to deliver your
one-of-a-kind event essentially we can
go into a parking lot and turn it into a
ballroom that you would think you're at
a local hotel two brothers two companies
under one family umbrella which means
from tenting to fencing every kind of
logistic can be handled under one roof
some of the advantages of being the one
stop shop is that people can call us and
they don't have to go to six vendors to
do an event we handle everything from
table we're tenting flooring staging
audio-visual lighting we have our own
HVAC and power generation division we
have a really big truck fleet to
maintain all of this and the sky's the
limit when you're ready to decorate this
is our linen room basically we can do
any size type of linen that you need
please we have white beast or have
silver we have gold we have black we
have pink well what else do we have they
have every kind of chandelier from
elegant too edgy LED lighting to create
any kind of look for any kind of theme
party or event they have small/medium
and massive size tents and every kind of
table and centerpiece imaginable event
rental and event restroom are always
available and ready to do something a
little bit outside the box and when it
comes to portable restrooms forget
everything you think you know about the
porta potty event restroom is one of the
largest luxury restroom trailer
companies in the United States from
basic models fit for festivals that come
in all kinds of colors we have pink we
have white we have purple green and gold
to event restrooms elegant boutique line
with all the amenities flat-screen TVs
hands-free toilets hands-free sinks
hands-free soap dispensers the bamboo on
the walls we have the stainless steel
vessel sinks custom do
where's the louvered doors a lot of
women when they come in this trailer say
this is so much nicer than my bathroom
at home we tried to create something
that people had never seen before when
they walk in they just feel comfortable
and for those with special needs event
restroom has a fleet of ad a compliant
restrooms in that event restroom
restrooms are just part of their story I
think what separates event restroom is
that we've taken you know portable
restrooms and created something more
than just a company that provides
portable toilets and when disasters like
the BP oil spill strike event rental and
event restroom are the ones officials
call on to do emergency logistics if
they're out in the middle of nowhere we
can bring out water power showers
restrooms we bring out portable toilets
event rental and event restroom the
region's one-stop shop for any kind of
event